　1. The Backyardigans 花园小子 (Nick Jr。)

　　这是一个以动画音乐冒险为题材，针对2-5岁儿童的电视节目。该节目的主角是5个学前班的朋友，巴勃罗，泰隆，优尼卡，塔莎，奥斯汀，依靠其生动的想象力，将他们的后院变成完全不同的世界，他们在经过许多各种各样的故事和冒险。该节目重点放在故事多达他们对音乐和舞蹈，与每一个具有不同风格的音乐类型如大乐队，雷鬼，意大利西部，波尔卡，汽车城，和迪斯科和4个新的歌曲。

　　The Backyardigans are five adorable friends who put theirimaginations together to turn their backyards into fantasticalsettings as they sing and dance their way through epic adventures.Each CGI animated show features original music, and the dance stepsare performed by real dancers whose movements are recreated inanimation. The show is incredibly entertaining -- so much so thatthere are numerous parent blogs devoted to it -- and it exposeskids to all kinds of music from South African Township Jive to rockopera. The show presents clever and unique music, plots andsettings in each episode. Fans can watch the show on Nick Jr. orfind Backyardigans episodes and movies on DVD。

　　2. Super Why 阅读魔法(PBS KIDS)

　　Super Why - 让孩子们爱上阅读的神奇魔法。

　　在每一集里，神奇主人公们都会使用浑身法宝，带引孩子们去体验阅读探险。之所以说是阅读探险，因为他们玩耍的是故事游戏，而这些故事又是孩子们很熟悉的。这些游戏有认识字母、理解词意、学习拼读、记忆词汇和阅读理解等。更好玩的是，SuperWhy还会利用法术让每天的故事情节发生变化，并出现新的结局哦。比如，他可以把大野狼变成小乖狼。

　　故事发生在一个叫"故事书"的村庄里，而这个村庄，猜猜在哪里？就在一座儿童图书馆的书架后面！在这座村庄里，住着图书馆里那些故事书中的所有童话人物，比如你认识的小红帽；三只小猪；豌豆公主；杰克和他的豆茎……不过，在这个村庄里，这些可爱的童话人物又有了新的故事啦！

　　小猪拥有了"字母神奇力量"；小红帽可以实施"生字魔法 "；Presto公主的"拼读法术"，以及SuperWhy的"阅读神功"。利用这些神奇的力量，大家就可以飞到图书里面，去寻找可以解决他们遇到的各种各样困难的办法，比如说为什么大野狼是"大大的"、"凶狠的"。一起跟着这些可爱的立体3D动画人物走进SuperWhy吧。

　　Super Why follows four friends -- Alpha Pig with Alphabet Power,Wonder Red with Word Power, Princess Presto with Spelling Power,Super Why with the Power to Read -- who use fairy tales to solveproblems in their every day lives. The Super Readers invite SuperYOU to come into the pages of a magical storybook world and helpthem. Kids follow along as the Readers read a story, talk with thecharacters, play word games, and relate the story's lesson to theproblem they are trying to solve. The brightly colored charactersmake letters, spelling, and reading fun for preschoolers. Kidsadore them, and fans of Super Why can be found searching for "superletters" in grocery stores, on signs, or wherever the now familiarsymbols might pop out。

　　3. Bubble Guppies 泡沫孔雀鱼 (Nick Jr。)

　　这是一个集音乐、舞蹈、娱乐为一体的儿童动画。2011年首映。

　　Mixing learning, music, dancing, and fun in a variety showformat, Bubble Guppies takes kids on under water adventures withadorable fish-tailed characters. Each episode finds the BubbleGuppies on their way to school. They always find some subject ofinterest on the way, and they explore the subject from many anglesthroughout the show. With the help of their teacher Mr. Grouper,the Bubble Guppies put their thinking and exploring skills intoaction as they have fun and learn. But, the best part of the showis the humor. Your kids will laugh out loud at the little jokes andsilly situations that will tickle their funny bones as they watchand learn。

　　4. Team Umizoomi 数数城小兄妹  (Nick Jr。)

　　TeamUmizoomi(数数城小兄妹)，讲述了在一个算术无处不在的数数城里，一对小兄妹Milli和Geo，还有他们的跟班机器人，他们如何挑战各种各样的数字难题。这部电视动画片色彩感极强，适应学龄前儿童心理，故事情节针对父母和孩子做学前早期教育，趣味十足。将图案、数字和形状的知识融入动画，帮助幼儿用数学方法解决日常生活问题。制作团队是尼克著名节目Blue’sClues的主力人马。这部动画美国上映仅9个月便一跃成为最受欢迎的婴幼儿电视节目，并创造了同类节目中近3年来的最高收视。

　　A 2D and 3D animated show from Nick Jr., Team Umizoomi educatesand entertains kids as mini characters Milli, Geo, and their palBot use their mighty math powers to help children solve problems.In each episode, a real life child calls Team Umizoomi throughBot's belly TV for help with a problem or situation. Team Umizoomigets right to work, using their mad mathematical skills to helpthem along the way. Kids have fallen in love with Milli and Geo,and math has taken on a whole new meaning。

　　5. Dora the Explorer 爱探险的朵拉(Nick Jr。)

　　爱探险的朵拉，由美国尼克频道制作，是一部风靡全球的美式英语教学片，专为学龄前儿童设计的节目。它通过朵拉每一次探险的故事，教会小现众生活中有趣实用的英语单词和词组。这套节目精心的故事编排与美丽活泼的画面，会给您一个独特的机会，让您与孩子一建立起思考学习，充分享受求知和探索的乐趣，帮助您的孩子建立快乐，自信和成功的人生观念。

　　A pioneer show in the realm of interactive cartoons forpreschoolers, Dora the Explorer characters enlist the help ofviewing kids, as Dora and her friends complete educationaladventures. Kids learn about colors, numbers, shapes and more asthey help Dora solve riddles and puzzles along her way. Dora, aseven-year-old Latina heroine, also throws in Spanish words, andkids are asked to repeat them or sing along with songsincorporating the words. The show has been a hit for over 8 years,and in 2008 Dora was updated with a new voice and some newcurriculum points were added. This landmark children's series willcontinue to be in the top most loved learning shows forpreschoolers for who knows how many years to come。

　　6. Between the Lions 我们一家都是狮 (PBS KIDS)

　　《我们一家都是狮》(Between theLions)系列节目讲述的是居住在图书馆里的奥尔狮子家族，爸爸西奥、妈妈莉奥、哥哥莱奥和妹妹莉娜每天在图书馆翻看有趣的图书，孩子们会和它们一起在缤纷的动画和动听的歌曲里，分享精彩有趣的故事。

　　节目以丰富多变的形式，重复突出的教一些英语词汇。每集里都有动画、布偶、真人并配以歌曲和活动变化的英文字卡，让孩子在热闹开心的气氛下，掌握准确的发音，并找到阅读的窍门和增加学习的兴趣。

　　etween the Lions 节目主要的目的就是在教导学龄前儿童Phonics(自然拼音)，即不透过音标，直接由字母读音，以及培养儿童阅读兴趣，并利用地方公共图书馆资源。

　　这套节目在美国背后的金主，是美国教育部，他们有一个特别的计划叫做 Ready to Learn，其主要目的是希望学龄前儿童透过观看节目的同时，也能够获取进入小学前所需的常识与技能，同时提供家长[微博]在教养以及亲子教育方面的技巧指引。

　　Between the Lions features a family of lions - Mom and Dad, namedCleo and Theo, and their children, Lionel and Leona - who run alibrary that is filled with the magic of books. The series combinespuppetry, animation, live action and music to develop a literacycurriculum geared to beginning readers aged four to seven; however,younger preschoolers still enjoy the show and can get a lot out ofit. Characters from books come alive, letters sing and dance, andwords play in the world between the lions. Also, every episodeaddresses the five key areas of reading instruction: phonemicawareness, phonics, fluency, vocabulary and text comprehension. Asfar as TV shows go, educational content does not get any betterthan Between the Lions。

　　7. Sesame Street 芝麻街 (PBS KIDS)

　　所有学前教育节目的排行榜中，都会列出芝麻街。《芝麻街》是全球著名的儿童教育节目品牌。自1969年创立至今，《芝麻街》已陪伴全世界1亿儿童一路健康成长。寓教于乐、独特创新的内容模式，使《芝麻街》成为迄今为止世界上唯一独揽119次艾美奖的电视节目品牌。

　　《芝麻街》30多年长盛不衰的秘诀之一也归功于其富有创意的节目形式。一个教育节目要将学龄前儿童吸引在电视机前半个小时，本身就颇有挑战性。当时《芝麻街》制作单位――儿童电视工作室认为，作为儿童教育节目的开路先锋，得用令人惊喜的全新视听效果吸引目标儿童。他们精心打造了一个热闹活泼的学习世界，来向儿童传递实用知识、社会技能和价值观。《芝麻街》首创了木偶和真人同台表演的形式，融合动画、喜剧、记录片等多种风格，也加入很多流行文化元素，并且迎合孩子需求的变化及时添加新人物。

　　Any list of top shows for preschoolers is obviously going tofeature the main staple of kids' TV -- Sesame Street. The show hasbeen on the air for decades (since 1969)， and the characters areknown by almost every kid alive. Still, there are things about theshow that I didn't realize when I watched as a kid. For example,each new season of Sesame Street brings a new area of educationalfocus along with funny parodies (note the photo of "Pre-SchoolMusical" -- Ha Ha!) and exciting characters. Sesame is continuallyassessing and refining the show to meet the educational needs ofpreschoolers, and there is also a wealth of online Sesame Streetresources to help kids continue learning。

　　8. Imagination Movers 创意特工队(Disney)

　　迪士尼英语[微博]儿童节目ImaginationMovers《创意特工队》，用摇滚音乐来颠覆你的头脑及全身细胞。来自迪士尼动画片中的人物，瑞奇、史考特、史密提及大卫，还有他们的仓库老鼠，将在奇幻的故事、神奇节奏里产生无比创意。让孩子们在快乐音乐和舞蹈中追寻令人惊叹的创造思维。

　　Scott, Rich, Dave, and "Smitty" are in a rockin' band from NewOrleans called the Imagination Movers. In this live-action series,the Movers hang out in their "idea warehouse," where they makemusic and solve "idea emergencies." If a problem needs solving, theMovers are up to the job. After a little brain-storming, they comeup with some possible solutions and test them out. ImaginationMovers uses upbeat music, comedy, and behavior modeling toentertain kids and teach them to think things through. The showalso appeals to kids' sense of wonder and imagination throughwhimsical storylines and settings. The focus on thinking empowerskids to solve their own problems and tackle challenges with apositive attitude。

　　Read Review

　　9. The Little Einsteins 小爱因斯坦 (Disney)

　　《小爱因斯坦》是为儿童提供音乐及教育性的节目，透过主角利欧，琼，昆西及安妮与小朋友们穿越世界各地，经历各式新奇事物，学习如何同心协力解决问题。

　　The Little Einsteins series was created for preschoolers andincorporates classical music, art, and real world images toentertain and educate. Combining animation with the real lifeimages, the Little Einsteins take kids on adventures that teachthem about actual places and things. Sometimes, the setting of theadventure is actually an animated version of a famous work of art.Also essential to each themed show is the musical score, and theLittle Einsteins incorporate musical terminology and concepts intoeach adventure. The show provides a great introduction to music andart, and kids may also learn about real things and places throughthe different adventures。

　　10. Sid the Science Kid 科学小子西德 (PBS KIDS)

　　《科学小子西德》是JimHenson公司为PBS儿童频道制作的第一个系列节目，特点是有实际意义的科学课程，用音乐和幽默来激起儿童天生对于生活中方方面面的好奇心。精力充沛和好问的西德，每一集开始时，都有一个新问题(“为什么我的鞋子缩小了？”“为什么香蕉变成糊状？”)，在家长和朋友的帮助下找到答案，一天充满着乐趣。





　　Always wondering "why?" or "how?," Sid's inquisitive nature andzeal for learning are contagious to kids. Each episode finds Sidwith a scientific conundrum. His mom helps him explore the topiconline, and at school his friends and teacher give him additionalinsight into the question. By the time he gets back home, Sid has agood handle on his new found knowledge, and he is ready to share itwith his family and put it into practice. The animation is not theprettiest, in my opinion, but kids relate very well to the show andto Sid, and it teaches them to be excited about science and problemsolving. Parents can also glean some good ideas from the show aboutways they can incorporate science into kids' every day life。
